Wow, the dragon is in the sky.
I didn't expect Long to see Long Fei's unique skill here
Flying dragon in the sky
Haoran Haoran
invincible
Oh I have a play
I witnessed Long Fei's unique skill, Fei Long is in the sky
This is really cool
Even if I lose 200,000 I won't give up
Gu Haoran actually resorted to the move of Flying Dragon in the Sky
It is no longer Long Fei's unique school
And Long Fei has been blocked
Flying Longmen future fucking
The five swords in this building belong to Gu Haoran
Flying dragon in the sky
Silly boy is going to lose
Fei Long Zaitian is so powerful
Not because of this
He's not in the right shape.
The big eater suddenly fell to his knees
And he looked very painful.
Could it be that this is the power of the flying dragon in the sky?
Or is it that the king of big eaters begged for mercy in ancient times?
Get up, big eater
Are you sober?
Immediately waiting for your big eater